modules/installation-bootstrap-gather: --master for each machine (#17196)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-bootstrap-gather.adoc

----
$ ./openshift-install gather bootstrap --dir=<directory> \ <1>
    --bootstrap <bootstrap_address> \ <2>
    --master <master_1_address> \ <3>
    --master <master_2_address> \ <3>
    --master <master_3_address>" <3>
----
<1> `installation_directory` is the directory you stored the {product-title}
definition files that the installation program creates.
<2> `<bootstrap_address>` is the fully-qualified domain name or IP address of
the cluster's bootstrap machine.
<3> For each control plane, or master, machine in your cluster, replace `<master_*_address>` with its fully-qualified domain names or IP addresses.

> control plane, or master, machines in your cluster.

Reviewer: This line needs to be removed.

----
$ ./openshift-install gather bootstrap --dir=<directory> \ <1>
    --bootstrap <bootstrap_address> \ <2>
    --master <master_1_address> \ <3>
    --master <master_2_address> \ <3>
    --master <master_3_address>" <3>
----
<1> `installation_directory` is the directory you stored the {product-title}
definition files that the installation program creates.
<2> `<bootstrap_address>` is the fully-qualified domain name or IP address of
the cluster's bootstrap machine.
<3> For each control plane, or master, machine in your cluster, replace `<master_*_address>` with its fully-qualified domain name or IP address.
+
[NOTE]
====

> A default cluster contains three control plane machines. List all of your control plane machines, even if you aren't using three like the example above.

Reviewer: I think the "must" could have stayed.

```suggestion
A default cluster contains three control plane machines. List all of your control plane machines as shown, no matter how many your cluster uses.
```

Our style guide prohibits both contractions and the use of "above" like that.

Author: Sounds good :)  I can squash back down to one commit when I get back to my laptop.

Reviewer: Great! Thank you, Trevor!

Author: Squashed and rebased onto the current master with 8a32a0925 -> 1e49f6876.

----
$ ./openshift-install gather bootstrap --dir=<directory> \ <1>
    --bootstrap <bootstrap_address> \ <2>

>     --master <master1_address> --master <master2_address> --master <master3_address>" <3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --master <master_1_address> \ <3>
    --master <master_2_address> \ <3>
    --master <master_3_address>" <3>
```

----
<1> `installation_directory` is the directory you stored the {product-title}
definition files that the installation program creates.
<2> `<bootstrap_address>` is the fully-qualified domain name or IP address of
the cluster's bootstrap machine.

> <3> `<master*_address>` are the fully-qualified domain names or IP addresses of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> For each control plane, or master, machine in your cluster, replace `<master_*_address>` with its fully-qualified domain names or IP addresses.
```
